digital romance TV
welcome to digital romance TV I'm Cheryl
Besner of 365 days to find love after 25
years of marriage I found myself flying
solo and like many of you in the same
position there were all kinds of
challenges based on my recent experience
I have developed my own rules of
engagement on many topics and over the
next three minutes I'm going to share
with you my tips on dating safely
remember we don't have parents waiting
up for us so we have to be smart hi
Cheryl Besner for 365 days to find love
dating make it romantic make it fun make
it exciting most importantly make it
safe here are some of the rules that I
follow first of all I never go out
without least telling one friend who I'm
going out with and where I'm going I
don't let people usually pick me up at
the door the first time I like to go
public get myself there when I go out I
always take a little bit of Mad Money
with me what is that my grandmother
taught it to me when I was a little girl
always have a little bit of pocket
change so if you're in a position that
you're not happy with you got a little
mad you can skip out do it nicely if you
do say thank you very much hey you're
part of the bill and leave never leave
your food or drink unattended we all
know that there's plenty of date rape
drugs out there and we warn our children
we have to take our warnings to heart
too if you're going online make sure you
do some research you know that's one of
the things that Google has for us these
days and helps us easily we can always
google that person saying find out a
little bit about them make sure who are
meeting it's actually who we're meeting
most important thing about dating is
trust your instincts if that little hair
on the back of your neck starts going up
listen to it it's probably right find a
way to graciously leave the situation
you're in whether it's online or in
person there's always a way out do it
like a lady but be gone as a single
woman we have to prepare for ourselves
as well don't be showing by that little
box becoming pretty colors now
and you know what I'm talking about it's
that word that we tell our kids condom
so don't stress about dating just be
safe about it do it smart then go out
and have fun did you know there's a
three-step formula to make a guy fall
desperately in love with you go to
digital romance TV /c HH to learn a
simple method any woman can use to
capture a man's heart and make him love
you forever again that link is digital
romance TV /c HH